Evaluation (#88)
UoB-COMSM0110/2024-group-9: README.md

### Quantitative

We also carried out our quantitative evaluation two weeks before the game demo, choosing to compare players' workload associated with the easy and difficult versions of Mission Possible. We asked six people to play the game once through on each difficulty setting and to complete the NASA Task Load Index (NASA-TLX) questionnaire after each play through. We mixed up the ordering of game difficulty for different participants to try and mitigate the effect that learning would have on the given ratings. 

The raw scores were processed by subtracting 1 and multiplying by 5. When individual participants' scores for each scale were summed together to give a score for an individual person, with the exception of one participant, all of the players found the difficult game to have a higher perceived workload than the easy game.

| **Participant number** | **Easy** | **Difficult** |
|---------------|-----:|----------:|
| 1             |  235 |       495 |
| 2             |  255 |       260 |
| 3             |  230 |       220 |
| 4             |  200 |       225 |
| 5             |  330 |       430 |
| 6             |  115 |       210 |

> However, when the scores were analysed using the Wilcoxon signed rank test, we cannot say there is statistical significance in this difference. The resulting test statistic was 2, and we would need this figure to be lower than 2 to have confidence in the result. This uncertainty about whether there truly is a difference in workload ties in with one of the results of the qualitative evaluation which revealed that players weren't really sure what the difference between the two difficulty modes was. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, when the scores were analysed using the Wilcoxon signed rank test, we are unable to reject the null hypothesis (that there is a higher TLX score associated with the harder difficulty setting) and cannot say there is statistically significant difference. The resulting test statistic was 2, and we would need this figure to be lower than 2 to have confidence in the result. This uncertainty about whether there truly is a difference in workload ties in with one of the results of the qualitative evaluation which revealed that players weren't really sure what the difference between the two difficulty modes was. 
```
